---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kamatera_server Resource - terraform-provider-kamatera"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It's recommended to use our server configuration interface https://kamatera.github.io/kamateratoolbox/serverconfiggen.html?configformat=terraform which provides ready to use Terraform templates with valid configuration options and identifiers according to your selection.
---

# kamatera_server (Resource)

It's recommended to use our [server configuration interface](https://kamatera.github.io/kamateratoolbox/serverconfiggen.html?configformat=terraform) which provides ready to use Terraform templates with valid configuration options and identifiers according to your selection.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `datacenter_id` (String) id attribute of datacenter data source.
- `image_id` (String) id attribute of image data source
- `name` (String) The server name.

### Optional

- `allow_recreate` (Boolean) Set to true to allow recreation of the server for changes that require recreation.
- `billing_cycle` (String) hourly or monthly, see https://console.kamatera.com/pricing for details.
- `cpu_cores` (Number) Number of CPU cores to allocate. See https://console.kamatera.com/pricing for a a description of the meaning of this value depending on the selected CPU type.
- `cpu_type` (String) The CPU type - a single upper-case letter. See https://console.kamatera.com/pricing for available CPU types and description of each type.
- `daily_backup` (Boolean) Set to true to enable daily backups.
- `disk_sizes_gb` (List of Number) List of disk sizes in GB, each item in the list will create a new disk in given size and attach it to the server.
- `managed` (Boolean) Set to true for managed support services.
- `monthly_traffic_package` (String) For advanced use-cases you can select a specific traffic package, depending on datacenter availability. See https://console.kamatera.com/pricing for details.
- `network` (Block List, Max: 4) Network interfaces to attach to the server. If not specified a single WAN interface with auto IP will be attached. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--network))
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The server root password.
- `power_on` (Boolean) true by default, set to false to have the server created without powering it on.
- `ram_mb` (Number) Amount of RAM to allocate in MB.
- `ssh_pubkey` (String) SSH public key to allow access to the server without a password.
- `startup_script` (String)

### Read-Only

- `attached_networks` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attached_networks))
- `generated_password` (String, Sensitive) In case password was not provided, an auto-generated password will be used.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `internal_server_id` (String)
- `price_hourly_off` (String) The hourly price if server is turned off for the entire hour.
- `price_hourly_on` (String) The hourly price if server is turned on for the entire hour.
- `price_monthly_on` (String) The monthly price if server is turned on for the entire month.
- `private_ips` (List of String)
- `public_ips` (List of String)

<a id="nestedblock--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network`

Required:

- `name` (String) Set to 'wan' to attach a public internet interface with auto-allocated IP. To use a private network, set to full_name attribute of network data source

Optional:

- `ip` (String) The IP to use, leave unset or set to 'auto' to auto-allocate an IP


<a id="nestedatt--attached_networks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attached_networks`

Read-Only:

- `ips` (List of String)
- `network` (String)
